document connecting to other instances (#12)
nerves-hub/documentation: nerves-hub/setup/connecting-other-envs.md

# Connecting to other environments

> Some cases may require you to target other instances of NervesHub, such as testing a staging environment or directing devices to a self-hosted NervesHub. In these cases, you'll need to specify a few additional details in your application config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some cases may require you to target other instances of NervesHub, such as testing a staging environment or directing devices to a self-hosted NervesHub. In these cases, you'll need to add your server's information to your project's application config:
```
